Docker topic (#1507)
enkidevs/curriculum: docker/fundamentals/storage/docker-intro.md

---
author: nem035
aspects:
  - deep
  - workout
type: normal
category: must-know
links:
- '[Manage data in Docker](https://docs.docker.com/storage){documentation}'
- '[Managing Persistence for Docker Containers](https://thenewstack.io/methods-dealing-container-storage/){article}'
---

# Storage Intro

---
## Content

By design, data in Docker containers doesn’t persist when that container no longer exists. When a container is deleted, all of the data written to the container is deleted along with it.

Since Docker containers are meant to be created many times over, they aren't suitable for storing persisted data.

As a best practice, data is isolated from a container. This means that data management is distinctly independent from the container lifecycle.

> Even though containers are immutable and their data gets removed when they do, it is still useful sometimes to persist data through a container(s) lifecycle.

Author: ```suggestion
Even though containers are immutable and their data gets removed when they do, it is still useful sometimes to persist data through a container's lifecycle.
```
